The extract_words.py file was created by Claudia Wang and begins by importing re and collections. 
These are necessary for regex operations and to sort dictionaries. Next, the metamorphosis.txt, 
allwords.txt, uniquewords.txt, and wordfrequency.txt files are set up. After this basic setup, all of
the punctation is then removed from metamorphosis.txt, the text from this file is all converted to
lower case, and then this modified text is written to allwords.txt. After the text has been cleaned,
all of the unique words are found using a dictionary and a for loop. After this, the unique words are
added to uniquewords.txt and the word frequencies are tabulated in another dictionary where the
frequencies are the keys and the number of times that each frequency appears are the values. Finally,
this dictionary is sorted using the collections import and the values are written to 
wordfrequency.txt with the correct formatting.


The basic functionality of the a3_wordfrequency.pde file was created by Landry Luker. This program
utilizes a file titled "wordfrequency.txt" to graph the number of words that appear at any given
frequency, with the y axis of the graph representing frequency and the x axis representing
the number of words that appear at that frequency. For example, if there are 375 words that appear
twice within the text and 500 words that appear only once, then the bottommost square on the
graph will represent words that appear only once, and the horizontal length of the box will
represent the fact that 500 words appear at this frequency. Then, directly above this will be
another box representing the 375 words that appear twice. To help meet the extra credit requirements
for this project, the size of the boxes have been automatically scaled to ensure that the graph 
always fills as much of the canvas as possible (minus padding around the borders of the canvas for 
aesthetics) without data going off the screen. Additionally, coloring to the boxes was added to
improve the appearance of the graph. After these functionalities were added, Mehmet refactored the
code for readibility, added flexibility to the code, and dramatically improved the appearance of the
graph by utilizing a more complex coloring scheme for the boxes.


A3_novelvisualization.pde file was developed by Mehmet Zenginerler. 
This file, whose purpose is to create unique word clouds, 
selects random words from the uniquewords.txt file after each click. 
Then it chooses a random background color and a random color palette 
(The chosen color palette is applied to words according to their length.) 
and draws a new word cloud on the canvas. This process repeats itself for every mouse click.
Both the font (Pacifico-Regular) and the font size (32) were chosen simply because this
combination made the word cloud appear aesthetically pleasing. The background color changing
when the mouse is clicked was also added because of aesthetics, and we hope that this may count
towards our extra credit since this was not a requirement of the project.

One final note is worth considering- Both the allwords.txt and the yellowWallPaper.txt files
(the latter of which contains our book of interest) were included in a directory named text_data.
This was not outlined in the project instructions but was done to add organization to our
project file.
